whoever loves instruction loves
whoever loves instruction loves knowledge but he who hates correction is
knowledge but he who hates correction is
knowledge but he who hates correction is stupid a good man obtains favor from the
stupid a good man obtains favor from the
stupid a good man obtains favor from the Lord but a man of wicked intentions he
Lord but a man of wicked intentions he
Lord but a man of wicked intentions he will condemn a man is not established by
will condemn a man is not established by
will condemn a man is not established by wickedness but the root of the righteous
wickedness but the root of the righteous
wickedness but the root of the righteous cannot be moved an excellent wife is the
cannot be moved an excellent wife is the
cannot be moved an excellent wife is the crown of her husband but she who causes
crown of her husband but she who causes
crown of her husband but she who causes shame is like rottenness in his bones
shame is like rottenness in his bones
shame is like rottenness in his bones the thoughts of the righteous are right
the thoughts of the righteous are right
the thoughts of the righteous are right but the counsels of the wicked are
but the counsels of the wicked are
but the counsels of the wicked are deceitful the words of the wicked are
deceitful the words of the wicked are
deceitful the words of the wicked are lie in wait for blood but the mouth of
lie in wait for blood but the mouth of
lie in wait for blood but the mouth of the upright will deliver them
the upright will deliver them
the upright will deliver them the wicked are overthrown and are no
the wicked are overthrown and are no
the wicked are overthrown and are no more but the house of the righteous will
more but the house of the righteous will
more but the house of the righteous will stand a man will be commended according
stand a man will be commended according
stand a man will be commended according to his wisdom but he who is of a
to his wisdom but he who is of a
to his wisdom but he who is of a perverse heart will be despised better
perverse heart will be despised better
perverse heart will be despised better is the one who is slighted but has a
is the one who is slighted but has a
is the one who is slighted but has a servant then he who honors himself but
servant then he who honors himself but
servant then he who honors himself but lacks bread a righteous man regards the
lacks bread a righteous man regards the
lacks bread a righteous man regards the life of his animal but the tender
life of his animal but the tender
life of his animal but the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel he who
mercies of the wicked are cruel he who
mercies of the wicked are cruel he who tells his land will be satisfied with
tells his land will be satisfied with
tells his land will be satisfied with bread but he who follows frivolity is
bread but he who follows frivolity is
bread but he who follows frivolity is devoid her understanding the wicked
devoid her understanding the wicked
devoid her understanding the wicked covets the catch of evil men but the
covets the catch of evil men but the
covets the catch of evil men but the root of the righteous yields fruit the
root of the righteous yields fruit the
root of the righteous yields fruit the wicked is ensnared by the transgression
wicked is ensnared by the transgression
wicked is ensnared by the transgression of his lips but the righteous will come
of his lips but the righteous will come
of his lips but the righteous will come through trouble a man will be satisfied
through trouble a man will be satisfied
through trouble a man will be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth
with good by the fruit of his mouth
with good by the fruit of his mouth and the recompense of a man's hands will
and the recompense of a man's hands will
and the recompense of a man's hands will be rendered to him the way of a fool is
be rendered to him the way of a fool is
be rendered to him the way of a fool is right in his own eyes but he who heeds
right in his own eyes but he who heeds
right in his own eyes but he who heeds counsel is wise a fools wrath is known
counsel is wise a fools wrath is known
counsel is wise a fools wrath is known at once but a prudent man covers shame
at once but a prudent man covers shame
at once but a prudent man covers shame he who speaks truth declares
he who speaks truth declares
he who speaks truth declares righteousness but a false witness deceit
righteousness but a false witness deceit
righteousness but a false witness deceit there is one who speaks like the
there is one who speaks like the
there is one who speaks like the piercings of a sword but the tongue of
piercings of a sword but the tongue of
piercings of a sword but the tongue of the wise promotes health the truthful
the wise promotes health the truthful
the wise promotes health the truthful lip shall be established forever but a
lip shall be established forever but a
lip shall be established forever but a lying tongue is but for a moment deceit
lying tongue is but for a moment deceit
lying tongue is but for a moment deceit is in the heart of those who devise evil
is in the heart of those who devise evil
is in the heart of those who devise evil but counsellors of peace have joy no
but counsellors of peace have joy no
but counsellors of peace have joy no grave trouble will overtake the
grave trouble will overtake the
grave trouble will overtake the righteous but the wicked shall be filled
righteous but the wicked shall be filled
righteous but the wicked shall be filled with evil lying lips are an abomination
with evil lying lips are an abomination
with evil lying lips are an abomination to the Lord but those who deal
to the Lord but those who deal
to the Lord but those who deal truthfully are his delight a prudent man
truthfully are his delight a prudent man
truthfully are his delight a prudent man conceals knowledge but the heart of
conceals knowledge but the heart of
conceals knowledge but the heart of fools proclaims foolishness the hand of
fools proclaims foolishness the hand of
fools proclaims foolishness the hand of the diligent will rule but the lazy man
the diligent will rule but the lazy man
the diligent will rule but the lazy man will be put to forced labor
will be put to forced labor
will be put to forced labor anxiety in the heart of man causes
anxiety in the heart of man causes
anxiety in the heart of man causes depression but a good word makes it bad
depression but a good word makes it bad
depression but a good word makes it bad the righteous should choose his friends
the righteous should choose his friends
the righteous should choose his friends carefully for the way of the wicked
carefully for the way of the wicked
carefully for the way of the wicked leads them astray the lazy man does not
leads them astray the lazy man does not
leads them astray the lazy man does not roast what he took in hunting the
roast what he took in hunting the
roast what he took in hunting the diligence his man's precious possession
diligence his man's precious possession
diligence his man's precious possession in the way of righteousness is life and
in the way of righteousness is life and
in the way of righteousness is life and in its pathway there is no death
in its pathway there is no death
in its pathway there is no death [Music]